SSL options incompatible with local fulfillment (#21662)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_assistant.markdown

### Enable Local Fulfillment

<div class='note'>

> The [ssl_certificate option](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/http/#ssl_certificate) in `http` must not have a value or this feature won't work. This is because Google requires a valid certificate and the way it connects to Home Assistant for local fulfillment makes that impossible. Consider using a reverse proxy such as the [Nginx SSL](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=core_nginx_proxy) or [NGinx Proxy Manager](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=a0d7b954_nginxproxymanager) addons instead of directing external traffic directly to Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [`ssl_certificate` option](/integrations/http/#ssl_certificate) in the `http` integration must not have a value or this feature won't work.

This is because Google requires a valid certificate and the way it connects to Home Assistant for local fulfillment makes that impossible. Consider using a reverse proxy such as the {% my addon="core_nginx_proxy" title="Nginx SSL" %} addon instead of directing external traffic directly to Home Assistant.

```

Author: Nice, didn't know about the `my` link generating utility. Nifty.

### Enable Local Fulfillment

<div class='note'>

The [`ssl_certificate` option](/integrations/http/#ssl_certificate) in the `http` integration must not have a value or this feature won't work.

> This is because Google requires a valid certificate and the way it connects to Home Assistant for local fulfillment makes that impossible. Consider using a reverse proxy such as the {% my addon="core_nginx_proxy" title="Nginx SSL" %} addon instead of directing external traffic directly to Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Sorry, I messed up in my suggestion

```suggestion
This is because Google requires a valid certificate and the way it connects to Home Assistant for local fulfillment makes that impossible. Consider using a reverse proxy such as the {% my supervisor_addon addon="core_nginx_proxy" title="NGINX SSL" %} add-on instead of directing external traffic directly to Home Assistant.
```

Author: Ah yea I had just figured it out from the run results, all good.
